{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Originally I had a clear idea that was inspired by an example soundscape that was used for an earlier discussion post. \'93 Imagine This: A Story Told with Sound Effect\'94 is a soundscape that only uses sound effects to tell a story that has a twist at the end. I wanted to take this idea and morph it to my life. My first two rough drafts were just sound effects that walked you through a day in the life but I wasn't satisfied with the final project. I decided to tweak my project and change the theme to the repetitive nature of a student's everyday life.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 College students have a set academic schedule and once extra circulars and homework are added to their workload, there is very little time left for social events. I tend to be in the habit of waking up, going to class, eating lunch, going back to class, eating dinner, homework, club meetings, bedtime almost every single day during the week. Although routines are a good way to ensure stability and time management, there comes to a point where the days morph together and every day feels the exact same. This can cause people to slip into a depressive state and impact the mental health of many students.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 My soundscape starts with an average day in the life. I used about 12 different sound effects to mimic everyday sounds such as an alarm clock, shower, walking on pavement, etc. After the first set of sound effects play through it repeats itself but, this time the sounds are a little shorter, speeding up the day. The final run through is even shorter than the second one which reminds me of scenes in movies when time is passing and the clock is running very quickly while the character is completing the task. It is so easy to get caught up in a routine when there is so much on a student's plate.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The most tedious part of this project was finding all of the sound clips and importing them into audacity. Since they are all separate tracks I had to make sure they lined up and scroll through them all when something needed to be changed. With this approach there were not many technical edits that needed to be made besides continually cutting the audio files for each \'93cycle\'94 and adjusting the audio to make sure one wasn\'92t outstandly loud compared to the others. I also have no experiences with anything digital media related so there was a large learning curve that needed to take place for me to be able to complete this assignment. A lot of my time was spent looking up how to complete certain tasks and edits on audacity. This assignment helped to expand some of my general knowledge on audio recordings and editing.\'a0 
\f1\fs24 \
}